Grids ColumnChooser sortOrder: description (#2829)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/1 Configuration/columnChooser/sortOrder.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies the sort order of column headers.

---

> If not set, the order is the same as in the [columns[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/columns/) array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not set, the order is the same as in the [columns[]]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/) array.
```
